Add histogram chunk encoding with Start Timestamp support (#18609)
prometheus/prometheus: tsdb/docs/format/chunks.md

```
┌────────────────────────┬───────────────────────┬────────────────────┬───────────────────────────────┬─────────────────────┬──────────────────┬──────────────────┬──────────────────────┬────────────────┬──────────────────┐
│ counter_reset <2 bits> │ num_samples <14 bits> │ st_header <1 byte> │ zero_threshold <1 or 9 bytes> │ schema <varbit_int> │ pos_spans <data> │ neg_spans <data> │ custom_values <data> │ samples <data> │ padding <x bits> │
└────────────────────────┴───────────────────────┴────────────────────┴───────────────────────────────┴─────────────────────┴──────────────────┴──────────────────┴──────────────────────┴────────────────┴──────────────────┘
```

### Start timestamp encoding

The ST header is one byte:

  ```
  ┌───────────────────────┬───────────────────────┐
  │ first_st_known<1 bit> │ st_changed_on<7 bits> │
  └───────────────────────┴───────────────────────┘
  ```

where the highest bit `first_st_known` indicates if `st_0` is present or not.
If the lower 7bits `st_changed_on` is 0, no `st_i (i>0)` is present.
Otherwise `st_i (i>=st_changed_on)` is present, while
`st_i (0<i<st_changed_on)` is not present.

Once a chunk has at least 127 samples,

> `st_changed_on` is set to 127 (0xEF) and the 127th and further samples will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`st_changed_on` is set to 127 (0x7F) and the 128th and further samples will
```
